# GoFX for CitizenFX

This GoFX project has been automatically generated by the CitizenFX resource template.

It has been altered slightly - please place this repository into a subfolder within your main resource folder. For example:
```dos
git clone https://github.com/JoshuaDoes/gofx X:\cfx-server-data\resources\[local]\gofx\src
```
That way, your source code is still in the resources folder, but the folder structure still allows the resource to be loaded immediately by the server each time you recompile.

To edit the GoFX loader's C# code, open `gofx.sln` in Visual Studio.

To edit the test Go resource's client code, open the `go\src\client` folder.

To edit the test Go resource's server code, open the `go\src\server` folder.

To edit the GoFX loader's C code, open the `go\src\gofx` folder.

To build GoFX and the test Go resource, run `build.cmd`.

Afterwards, you can use `ensure gofx` in your server.cfg to start the resource automatically each time the server starts. If your server is already started, you can use `start gofx` to start the resource manually.

## Detailed folder structure:
- Shared contains the bindings for the GoFX loader as well as the Go resource handler and associated types
- Client does nothing yet, but will mimic Server once working
- Server contains an attempt to load and initialize all available Go server resources using the GoFX loader
- go/src/client contains the test Go client resource
- go/src/server contains the test Go server resource (works with GoFX test client)
- go/src/gofx contains the actual GoFX loader in C, a GoFX test client in C, and a test Go resource that should work under the GoFX test client
- go/src/gofx/core will later contain a package for C#-Go interop, such as event handling and all the types expected from C#-side code